	FREEWARE LICENSE 
 of Fingerprit Plus plugin for Miranda IM. 

 Copyright (C) 2006-2007 Artem Shpynov, Bio, Angeli-Ka, Nullbie.

 THIS PRODUCT IS PROVIDED 'AS-IS', WITHOUT ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTY.
 IN NO EVENT WILL THE AUTHOR(S) BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE OF FP.

 By using, copying, or distributing the
 Fingerprit Plus ("FP")plugin you indicate your acceptance of the following
 Freeware License Agreement ("Agreement"):
 
 - You can:
  a.use the FP on any computer in your possession.
  b.make copies of the FP and share it with your friends.
  c.obtain support and assistance on Miranda IM forum http://forums.miranda-im.org/showthread.php?t=6465
 
 - Permission is granted to anyone to distribute the FP ONLY as Miranda IM plugin in any custom 
 Miranda IM packs or compilation that identifies itself as "Miranda IM" in all user dialogs.

 	LIMITATIONS ON LICENSE
 - You will not, and will not permit others to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, derive the source code of,
 modify, or create derivative works from FP, copy, distribute, publicly display, 
 or publicly perform content contained in FP other than as expressly authorized by this Agreement.

 - You will not use FP to engage in or allow others to engage in any
 illegal activity.

 - You will not sell FP or charge others for use of it (either for profit
 or merely to recover your media and distribution costs) whether as a stand-alone
 product, or as part of a compilation or anthology, without explicit prior written permission.

 - You will not use FP to engage in any activity that will violate the rights of
 third parties, including, without limitation, through the use, public display, public
 performance, reproduction, distribution, or modification of communications or materials
 that infringe copyrights, trademarks, publicity rights, privacy rights, other proprietary rights,
 or rights against defamation of third parties.
 
 - This Agreement may not be removed or altered from any form of distribution.
